[OSDOCS-3592]: Note for Hyper-V gen2 images in machine set YAML (#48165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-yaml-azure.adoc

ifndef::infra[]
<2> Specify the node label to add.
<3> Specify the infrastructure ID, node label, and region.
endif::infra[]
ifdef::infra[]
<2> Specify the `<infra>` node label.
<3> Specify the infrastructure ID, `<infra>` node label, and region.
endif::infra[]
<4> Optional: Specify the machine set name to enable the use of availability sets. This setting only applies to new compute machines.

> <5> Specify an image that is compatible with your instance type. The Hyper-V generation V2 images created by the installer have a `-gen2` suffix, while V1 images have the same name without the suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Specify an image that is compatible with your instance type. The Hyper-V generation V2 images created by the installation program have a `-gen2` suffix, while V1 images have the same name without the suffix.
```

Author: hm good question - @mjpytlak what's the norm for our docs on this term?

Reviewer 2: `Installer` is all over the install doc set, but it should be `installation program`. I typically fix these type of instances as I go.

Reviewer 2: > hm good question - @mjpytlak what's the norm for our docs on this term?

`Installer` is all over the install doc set, but it should be` installation program`. I typically fix these type of instances as I go.

Author: Thanks! I'll make sure this one is correct from the get-go then :slightly_smiling_face:

> <5> Specify an image that is compatible with your instance type. If your instance type is only compatible with Hyper-V generation V2 images, you must use a Hyper-V generation V2 image and append `-gen2` to the `resourceID` value.

Reviewer 3: I am happy with this and think it is clear enough. 

If we are telling users to edit existing machinesets, it is possible-even probable-the image id would be a gen2 image already. So perhaps we want to say something like:

```suggestion
<5> Specify an image that is compatible with your instance type. The Hyper-V generation V2 images created by the installer have a `-gen2` suffix, while V1 images have the same name without the suffix.
```

Author: Aha - that is very helpful, and I think will help users better than what I have here. Thanks!
